Hi welcome back in this video we're looking at setting up our app.
This app is going to allow us to create users and store them in pasta sequel using psycho Peachi too
.
It's going to be a fairly short app but nevertheless I'm really excited about going into this advanced
Python that we're going to be looking at and at interacting with Pasqua sequel being able to do the
stuff that we're going to be doing in this app is going to unlock many doors for you.
The first thing to do is to envision what the app is going to look like what files are going to be needing
for example the first Filey you should always create in a Python project is one called the requirements
file.
So let's right click on our project folder go to new and then file the file should be requirements dot
XTi.
These requirements not t XTi tells Python virtual environment what libraries the virtual environment
needs in order to be able to run the program as we know Windows is a bit special with psycho Peachi
too.
But most other libraries can be installed directly with a virtual environment using for example the
on preferences that we've seen before.
And if you haven't seen them then you can open a patch on preferences.
And in your project as a project interpreter and here you've got a bunch of libraries that you can install
on Windows.
You cannot install psycho-BS you to using this thing here.
But on Mac you can and most libraries you can install using this thing.
This thing is called Pipp and it's essentially a package repository.
It lets you install packages for Python easily just by running a command or just installing them through
here.
So the packages here accept these two.
Well except these the rather Pipp set of tools and we all really are by default installed all the other
packages that your application uses should be in your requirements.
Dotty XTi.
We can see that psycho OPG too is in here and its version 2.0 6.1.
So lets press cancel and make sure that psycho G2 version 2.0 6.1 is in our requirements not textfile
so that other virtual environments that want to install our application and run it know what to install
.
So we simply type psycho PGE to equal equal point six point one.
And this font is really big.
So I'm going to change it down a wee bit and I'm going to show you how to do that.
Now that we're here as well.
Just go to your editor colors and fonts font and for some reason there is a bug that whenever I access
the preferences the font gets bigger and bigger.
So I have to tone it down and make sure that it is a bit smaller.
I think you can still see this fine.
But obviously I hope I hope you can guess.
By the time you're watching this I'm already going to have recorded everything.
OK so apart from our requirements not TXI the file.
We also want a couple of other files.
The first file that we want is a python file that I'm going to call app Doppie Y and those is going
to be the main file of our project.
The file that we going to be running when we run our application all other files in our project are
going to be bits of code that are going to use from within app Doppie Y and there's two of them.
There's going to be a python file called user.
Notice how the dot P Y gets appended for you the user is going to store the class that we are going
to be modeling users with.
And there's also going to be another file called database and this is going to allow us to interact
with a database we're going to put code in here to interact with a database and and retrieve data in
that sort of stuff.
OK so now we've set this up we know what the requirements RTX the file is and we've created our app
our user and our database files we're ready to move on to the next video.
So I'll see you there